Hi guys, welcome back to the channel.
This
video I'm going will show you how to
make improved health system. Okay, this
is the
health. Okay, this is a he can pass the
variable I what I
want this another value of healing and
this one another value of healing. I can
manipulate variables and values for the
damage is the same
thing. I can duplicate this one like
this and change the
value of
D. Okay. When I go
here have some DS.
when I go
here on Okay, let's dig
in. Okay, first of all, create uh for
new project with the third person
character or custom for character and
rename this project improved health
system. Okay, and hit create.
Okay, first you need to open the content
power and create your blueprint
class actor. Rename this
one
actor for the
heading and let's go here
to interface and create new interface
health
interface and we have to create the UI
widget to
UI. Now go
here the
UI and create
convert
here and set progress bar.
Set the percentage to
100. The
camera
lo
and now we have to go to the
underage. I have to create two function.
First
one. Second one
get for the setting here. We have to add
an input.
This one
is
load
get the
output
out like
this. Compile and save all and close
down this and head the UI.
Now let's go to
sur from this
person. Let's go down and set event
begin
play. my head UI widget.
Let's promote the variable and rename
this one
add variable I and add
to okay it's fine.
in. Now let's go here to the class
setting and import my interface.
Okay, it's at
this we have my set and get that
file. Okay, for the get add new
variable from this we want to set this
variable. Let's set the value of this
sub
100.
Compile and now return here to the event
graph and add the
event. Now let's create a function.
I give all this function
on this
function
update
add update.
type of
is okay.
enough. Let's get our
head from
this update image like
this. Okay. From this one, we're going
to have a clamp to set the value
from zero to
100.
Clamp my value is zero. Max
one. Okay. after
[Music]
that and
probably make it back here.
I'm going to divide this head
by one
hand. Oh, this
import is my progress
[Music]
bar. This one is progress bar.
I select this one progress bar zero is
for there is a body can
modify one from this one I set
percent drag this one right here and
drag this one right
here it compile and take
on. Okay. Now let's return to the heat
mode and create the sphere
collision sphere. Now let's add sphere
collision. Select the sphere and radius
radius for 100.
Select this one and go down from
here. Our component will be
overlap. Okay. Set this one
[Music]
equal get player.
be for
bones and we have to set
health
and the
target. Okay, for this one we have new
variable this one.
sensit compile. Let's say want to hit
this one by 30.
Okay, let's go
here. I'm going to take this one. This
one.
Go right here for you. Want to change
this
one
only by another one from whatever
variable you
see. Make it an instance. Hit
compile. - 32 for
example
compile and
[Music]
part delete this one straight after
This
one
I
now
and like
you
and that's it
for one more and
We have this one. I can improve the
variable. Change it. And this one for
the heading can change. Okay, let's
duplicate this
one. And
let's I go
here. So here I
have.
Okay. Uh for the material, you can
download any material what you want.
This is the top. Thank you guys for
watching. This is all for now. See you
later on the next topic.